1: Simões Nunes C, Guggenbuhl P. Effects of Aspergillus fumigatus phytase on
phosphorus digestibility, phosphorus excretion, bone strength and performance in
pigs. Reprod Nutr Dev. 1998 Jul-Aug;38(4):429-40. doi: 10.1051/rnd:19980407.
PMID: 9795986.

2: Schmidt S, Ebner F, Rosen K, Kniemeyer O, Brakhage AA, Löffler J, Seif M,
Springer J, Schlosser J, Scharek-Tedin L, Scheffold A, Bacher P, Kühl AA, Rösler
U, Hartmann S. The domestic pig as human-relevant large animal model to study
adaptive antifungal immune responses against airborne Aspergillus fumigatus. Eur
J Immunol. 2020 Nov;50(11):1712-1728. doi: 10.1002/eji.201948524. Epub 2020 Jul
13. PMID: 32558930.

3: Rutqvist L, Persson PA. Studies on Aspergillus fumigatus, experimental
mycotoxicosis in mice, chicks and pigs wth the appearance, in pigs, of perirenal
edema. Acta Vet Scand. 1966;7(1):21-34. doi: 10.1186/BF03547095. PMID: 5939190;
PMCID: PMC8823330.

4: Hooper DG, Bolton VE, Sutton JS, Guilford FT, Straus DC, Najvar LK,
Wiederhold NP, Kirkpatrick WR, Patterson TF. Assessment of Aspergillus fumigatus
in guinea pig bronchoalveolar lavages and pulmonary tissue by culture and
realtime polymerase chain reaction studies. Int J Mol Sci. 2012;13(1):726-736.
doi: 10.3390/ijms13010726. Epub 2012 Jan 11. PMID: 22312282; PMCID: PMC3269716.

5: Martin MV, Yates J, Hitchcock CA. Comparison of voriconazole (UK-109,496) and
itraconazole in prevention and treatment of Aspergillus fumigatus endocarditis
in guinea pigs. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 1997 Jan;41(1):13-6. doi:
10.1128/AAC.41.1.13. PMID: 8980747; PMCID: PMC163652.

6: Mason RW. Porcine mycotic abortion caused by Aspergillus fumigatus. Aust Vet
J. 1971 Jan;47(1):18-9. doi: 10.1111/j.1751-0813.1971.tb09196.x. PMID: 5100641.

7: Khoufache K, Cabaret O, Farrugia C, Rivollet D, Alliot A, Allaire E,
Cordonnier C, Bretagne S, Botterel F. Primary in vitro culture of porcine
tracheal epithelial cells in an air-liquid interface as a model to study airway
epithelium and Aspergillus fumigatus interactions. Med Mycol. 2010
Dec;48(8):1049-55. doi: 10.3109/13693786.2010.496119. Epub 2010 Jul 7. PMID:
20608777.

8: Overdijk B, Van Steijn GJ, Odds FC. Distribution of chitinase in guinea pig
tissues and increases in levels of this enzyme after systemic infection with
Aspergillus fumigatus. Microbiology (Reading). 1999 Jan;145 ( Pt 1):259-269.
doi: 10.1099/13500872-145-1-259. PMID: 10206706.

9: Vallor AC, Kirkpatrick WR, Najvar LK, Bocanegra R, Kinney MC, Fothergill AW,
Herrera ML, Wickes BL, Graybill JR, Patterson TF. Assessment of Aspergillus
fumigatus burden in pulmonary tissue of guinea pigs by quantitative PCR,
galactomannan enzyme immunoassay, and quantitative culture. Antimicrob Agents
Chemother. 2008 Jul;52(7):2593-8. doi: 10.1128/AAC.00276-08. Epub 2008 May 12.
PMID: 18474582; PMCID: PMC2443907.

10: Overdijk B, Van Steijn GJ, Odds FC. Chitinase levels in guinea pig blood are
increased after systemic infection with Aspergillus fumigatus. Glycobiology.
1996 Sep;6(6):627-34. doi: 10.1093/glycob/6.6.627. PMID: 8922958.

11: Voisin C, Biguet J, Aerts C, Walbaum S, Tonnel AB, Wattel F. Recherches
expérimentales sur le poumon du fermier. Etude comparative du pouvoir
d'épuration pulmonaire du cobaye vis-à-vis d'Aspergillus gumigatus, de Candida
albicans et de Micropolyspora faeni [An experimental investigation of farmer's
lung. Comparative study of the pulmonary clearance capacity for Aspergillus
fumigatus, Candida albicans and Mycropolyspora faeni in guinea pigs]. Rev Fr
Allergol. 1971 Apr-Jun;11(2):129-36. French. doi: 10.1016/s0035-2845(71)80021-5.
PMID: 5562477.

12: Venev S. Eksperimentalni aborti pri mishki i morski svincheta, predizvikani
sus spori na Aspergillus fumigatus [Experimental abortions in mice and guinea
pigs caused by Aspergillus fumigatus spores]. Vet Med Nauki. 1976;13(1):86-93.
Bulgarian. PMID: 769306.

13: Suzuki M, Hayashi Y. [Immunological responses to cultural filtrates in
guinea pigs sensitized to Aspergillus fumigatus and Candida albicans]. Nihon
Saikingaku Zasshi. 1975 Jul;30(4):583-8. Japanese. PMID: 1104918.

14: Gernez-Rieux C, Voisin C, Aerts C, Wattel F, Gosselin B. Aspergillose
expérimentale du cobaye. Etude dynamique du rôle des macrophages alvéolaires
dans la défense des voies respiratoires. après inhalation massive de spores
d'Aspergillus fumigatus [Experimental aspergillosis in the guinea pig. Dynamic
study of the role of alveolar macrophages in the defense of the respiratory
tract, after massive inhalation of Aspergillus fumigatus spores]. Rev Tuberc
Pneumol (Paris). 1967 Sep-Oct;31(6):705-25. French. PMID: 4914810.