1: SEMENOV BF, BOGOMOLOVA NN, AKOPOVA II. Multiplication of tick-borne
encephalitis virus in primary swine embryo kidney epithelial cell cultures.
Probl Virol. 1961;6:155-9. PMID: 14039128.

2: Lisak VM, Korolev MB, Dzhivanian TI, Zhankov AI, Lashkevich VA. Elektronno-
mikroskopicheskoe izuchenie kletok pochek émbriona svin'i, infitsirovannykh
virusom kleshchevogo éntsefalita [Electron microscopic study of swine embryonic
kidney cells infected with the tick-borne encephalitis virus]. Vopr Virusol.
1983 May-Jun;(3):316-22. Russian. PMID: 6613089.

3: ANDZHAPARIDZE OG, STEPANOVA LG. Interaction of tick-borne encephalitis virus
and susceptible cells. III. Plaques formed by virus in swine embryo kidney cell
cultures. Probl Virol. 1961;6:435-8. PMID: 14036803.

4: Mayer V, Hrbka A. Study of the virulence of tick-borne encephalitis virus.
XII. Resistance to intracerebral challenge of sheep and swine given the monkey-
attenuated virus. Acta Virol. 1970 May;14(3):253-6. PMID: 4392926.

5: DESIATSKOVA RG, ANDZHAPARIDZE OG. BLIASHKI, OBRAZUIUSHCHIESIA V KUL'TURE
KLETOK POCHKI 'EMBRIONA SVIN'I, ZARAZHENNO I RNK VIRUSA KLESHCHEVOGO
'ENTSEFALITA [PLAQUES FORMING IN SWINE EMBRYO KIDNEY CELL CULTURE INFECTED WITH
TICK-BORNE ENCEPHALITIS VIRUS RNA]. Vopr Virusol. 1963 Jul-Aug;29:398-9.
Russian. PMID: 14071273.

6: Andzhaparidze OG, Stepanova LG, Bogomolova NN, Desiatskova RG. Izuchenie
izmenchivosti virusa kleshchevogo éntsefalita. I. Dlitel'noe kul'tivirovanie
virusov gruppyb kleschevogo éntsefalita v kul'ture kletok pochki émbriona svin'i
i kurinykh émbrionakh [Studies on the variability of the tick-borne encephalitis
virus. I. Prolonged cultivation tick-borne encephalitis viruses in swine kidney
embryo and chick embryo tissue cultures]. Vopr Virusol. 1965 Mar-
Apr;10(2):165-7. Russian. PMID: 5892682.

7: KORYCH B. [Possible cultivation of tick-borne encephalitis virus in tissue
cultures of a stable line of the epithelium of swine kidney]. Cesk Epidemiol
Mikrobiol Imunol. 1960 Jun;9:282-5. Czech. PMID: 14411154.