1: Rumiantsev SN. K voprosu biologicheskoĭ funktsii toksina Clostridium tetani
(ékologicheskie i évolutsionnye aspekty [Biological function of Clostridium
tetani toxin (ecological and evolutionary aspects)]. Zh Evol Biokhim Fiziol.
1973 Sep-Oct;9(5):474-80. Russian. PMID: 4203684.

2: Patris S, Vandeput M, Kenfack GM, Mertens D, Dejaegher B, Kauffmann JM. An
experimental design approach to optimize an amperometric immunoassay on a screen
printed electrode for Clostridium tetani antibody determination. Biosens
Bioelectron. 2016 Mar 15;77:457-63. doi: 10.1016/j.bios.2015.09.064. Epub 2015
Sep 30. PMID: 26454827.

3: Ebert E, Abu Karim A, Kayser T, Wenig R, Weibetaer K, Wirz M, Pisani G,
Schäffner G, Cubetaler K. Optimisation and establishing of serological methods
for the potency testing of immunglobulins against Clostridium tetani-toxin.
ALTEX. 1998;15(5):30-32. English. PMID: 11178535.

4: Klose F, Schallehn G. Ein Beitrag zur aktiven und passiven Schutzimpfung
gegen Clostridium novyi und Clostridium tetani. 2 [The active and passive
vaccination against Clostridium novyi and Clostridium tetani. 2]. Z
Immunitatsforsch Allerg Klin Immunol. 1969 Nov;138(5):480-7. German. PMID:
4244400.

5: Hendriksen C, van der Gun J, Winsnes R, Urdal T, Rautmann G, Esposito-Farese
ME. Collaborative study for the establishment of a European Pharmacopoeia
Biological Reference Preparation for serological potency testing of tetanus
vaccines for human use: Clostridium tetani guinea pig antiserum (human).
Pharmeuropa Spec Issue Biol. 2001 Aug;2001(1):7-11. PMID: 11705101.

6: Klose F, Schallehn G. Ein Beitrag zur aktiven und passiven Schutzimpfung
gegen Clostridium novyi und Clostridium tetani [A contribution on the active and
passive vaccination against Clostridium novyi and Clostridium tetani]. Z
Immunitatsforsch Allerg Klin Immunol. 1967 Dec;134(4):350-6. German. PMID:
4233547.

7: Podgornaia LG, Dziuban NF, Kalinichenko NF, Isaeva SIa. Preventivnye svoĭstva
kompleksa anatoksinov sinegnoĭnoĭ i stolbniachnoĭ palochek v éksperimente
[Experimental preventive properties of a complex of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and
Clostridium tetani anatoxins]. Mikrobiol Zh (1978). 1987 Sep-Oct;49(5):55-8.
Russian. PMID: 3150503.

8: Shvarts SA, Stovbun SF, Bukova VE, Anisimova LA. Kharakteristika immunnogo
otveta privitykh i intaktnykh éksperimental'nykh zhivotnykh na vvedenie
toksigennogo i netoksigennogo shtammov Clostridium tetani [Characteristics of
the immune response of inoculated and intact animals to the administration of
toxigenic and nontoxigenic strains of Clostridium tetani]. Zh Mikrobiol
Epidemiol Immunobiol. 1986 Mar;(3):82-6. Russian. PMID: 3518309.

9: Stovbun SF, Bukova VE. Vliianie kul'tur Clostridium tetani na immunizatsiiu
stolbniachnym anatoksinom v éksperimente [The effect of Clostridium tetani
cultures on immunization with tetanus anatoxin in an experiment]. Zh Mikrobiol
Epidemiol Immunobiol. 1995 Mar-Apr;(2):68-72. Russian. PMID: 7653141.