1: Girard-Misguich F, Delgado-Ortega M, Berthon P, Rossignol C, Larcher T, Bruel
T, Guibon R, Guillén N, Meurens F. Porcine colon explants in the study of innate
immune response to Entamoeba histolytica. Vet Immunol Immunopathol. 2012 Feb
15;145(3-4):611-7. doi: 10.1016/j.vetimm.2012.01.002. Epub 2012 Jan 12. PMID:
22297149.

2: He GZ, Feng Y, Deng SX. Evaluation of the intestinal microbial diversity in
miniature pig after orally infected with Entamoeba histolytica. Parasitol Res.
2012 Aug;111(2):939-41. doi: 10.1007/s00436-012-2841-x. PMID: 22314784.

3: Kaur U, Khurana S, Saikia UN, Dubey ML. Immunogenicity and protective
efficacy of heparan sulphate binding proteins of Entamoeba histolytica in a
guinea pig model of intestinal amoebiasis. Exp Parasitol. 2013
Nov;135(3):486-96. doi: 10.1016/j.exppara.2013.08.011. Epub 2013 Sep 2. PMID:
24007700.

4: Vinayak VK, Sawhney S, Jain P, Chakravarti RN. Protective effects of crude
and chromatographic fractions of axenic Entamoeba histolytica in guinea-pigs.
Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 1980;74(4):483-7. doi: 10.1016/0035-9203(80)90063-2.
PMID: 6255636.

5: Saxena A, Vinayak VK. Low susceptibility of trophozoites of virulent
Entamoeba histolytica to cellular and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity
by guinea-pig effector cells. Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 1987;81(6):933-7. doi:
10.1016/0035-9203(87)90358-0. PMID: 2902704.

6: Meurens F, Girard-Misguich F, Melo S, Grave A, Salmon H, Guillén N. Broad
early immune response of porcine epithelial jejunal IPI-2I cells to Entamoeba
histolytica. Mol Immunol. 2009 Feb;46(5):927-36. doi:
10.1016/j.molimm.2008.09.036. Epub 2008 Dec 24. PMID: 19110312.

7: Bruel T, Guibon R, Melo S, Guillén N, Salmon H, Girard-Misguich F, Meurens F.
Epithelial induction of porcine suppressor of cytokine signaling 2 (SOCS2) gene
expression in response to Entamoeba histolytica. Dev Comp Immunol. 2010
May;34(5):562-71. doi: 10.1016/j.dci.2009.12.017. Epub 2010 Jan 6. PMID:
20045027.

8: Ashraf M, Sreejith P, Yadav U, Komath SS. Catalysis by N-acetyl-D-
glucosaminylphosphatidylinositol de-N-acetylase (PIG-L) from Entamoeba
histolytica: new roles for conserved residues. J Biol Chem. 2013 Mar
15;288(11):7590-7595. doi: 10.1074/jbc.M112.427245. Epub 2013 Jan 22. PMID:
23341455; PMCID: PMC3597800.

9: Vohra H, Bhatti HS, Ganguly NK, Mahajan RC. Virulence of pathogenic and non-
pathogenic zymodemes of Entamoeba histolytica (Indian strains) in guinea-pigs.
Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 1989 Sep-Oct;83(5):648-50. doi:
10.1016/0035-9203(89)90385-4. PMID: 2559510.

10: Mora-Galindo J, Martínez-Palomo A, González-Robles A. Interacción entre
Entamoeba histolytica y epitelio cecal del cobayo. Estudio cuantitativo
[Interaction between Entamoeba histolytica and the cecal epithelium of the
guinea pig. Quantitative study]. Arch Invest Med (Mex). 1982;13 Suppl 3:233-43.
Spanish. PMID: 6295314.

11: Jervis HR, Takeuchi A. Amebic dysentery. Animal model: experimental
Entamoeba histolytica infection in the germfree guinea pig. Am J Pathol. 1979
Jan;94(1):197-200. PMID: 216267; PMCID: PMC2042221.

12: Takeuchi A, Phillips BP. Electron microscope studies of experimental
Entamoeba histolytica infection in the guinea pig. II. Early cellular and
vascular changes accompanying invasion of the lamina propria. Virchows Arch B
Cell Pathol. 1976 Feb 11;20(1):1-13. doi: 10.1007/BF02890322. PMID: 816067.

13: Mora Galindo J, Martinez-Palomo A, Chavez B. Interacción entre Entamoeba
histolytica y el epitelio cecal del cobayo [Interaction between Entamoeba
histolytica and the cecal epithelium in the guinea pig]. Arch Invest Med (Mex).
1978;9 Suppl 1:261-74. Spanish. PMID: 211960.

14: Phillips BP, Diamond LS, Bartgis IL, Stuppler SA. Results of intracecal
inoculation of germfree and conventional guinea pigs and germfree rats with
axenically cultivated Entamoeba histolytica. J Protozool. 1972 Aug;19(3):498-9.
doi: 10.1111/j.1550-7408.1972.tb03512.x. PMID: 4342299.

15: PHILLIPS BP, WOLFE PA, REES CW, GORDON HA, WRIGHT WH, REYNIERS JA. Studies
on the ameba-bacteria relationship in amebiasis; comparative results of the
intracecal inoculation of germfree, monocontaminated, and conventional guinea
pigs with Entamoeba histolytica. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 1955 Jul;4(4):675-92. PMID:
13238723.

16: Giménez-Scherer JA, Arenas E, Díaz L, Rico G, Fernández J, Kretschmer R.
Effect of the monocyte locomotion inhibitory factor (MLIF) produced by Entamoeba
histolytica on the expression of cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) in the skin of
guinea pigs. Arch Med Res. 2000 Jul-Aug;31(4 Suppl):S92-3. doi:
10.1016/s0188-4409(00)00165-x. PMID: 11070238.

17: Takeuchi A, Jervis HR, Phillips BP. Electron microscope studies of
experimental Entamoeba histolytica infection in the guinea pig. III. Histolysis
of the cecum. Virchows Arch B Cell Pathol. 1977 Sep 15;24(4):263-77. doi:
10.1007/BF02889285. PMID: 412297.

18: Lunde MN, Chaparas SD, Diamond LS. Skin test potency in guinea pigs of
Entamoeba histolytica antigen (histolyticin) prepared from axenically cultivated
amebas. Proc Soc Exp Biol Med. 1969 Feb;130(2):455-7. doi:
10.3181/00379727-130-33578. PMID: 4303848.

19: Sharma A, Haq AU, Siddiqui MU, Ahmad S. Immunization of guinea pigs against
Entamoeba histolytica using glucan as an adjuvant. Int J Immunopharmacol.
1984;6(5):483-91. doi: 10.1016/0192-0561(84)90087-0. PMID: 6094370.

20: Takeuchi A, Phillips BP. Electron microscope studies of experimental
Entamoeba histolytica infection in the guinea pig. I. Penetration of the
intestinal epithelium by trophozoites. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 1975 Jan;24(1):34-48.
doi: 10.4269/ajtmh.1975.24.34. PMID: 163062.

21: Giménez Scherer JA, Rico G, Fernández-Diez J, Kretschmer RR. Inhibition of
contact cutaneous delayed hypersensitivity reactions to DNBC in guinea pigs by
the monocyte locomotion inhibitory factor (MLIF) produced by axenically grown
Entamoeba histolytica. Arch Med Res. 1997;28 Spec No:237-8. PMID: 9033085.

22: ATCHLEY FO, AUERNHEIMER AH, WASLEY MA. Electrophoretic studies of blood
serum proteins in guinea pigs inoculated with Entamoeba histolytica. J
Parasitol. 1961 Apr;47:297-301. PMID: 13684945.

23: Anand BS, Vinayak VK, Bushnurmath SR, Bhagwat AG, Jain SK. Experimental
amoebiasis in the guinea-pig: sequential histological abnormalities following
intracaecal injection of Entamoeba histolytica. Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.
1985;79(5):626-30. doi: 10.1016/0035-9203(85)90172-5. PMID: 4095744.

24: KRUPP IM. Parasitologic surveys in Cali, Departamento del Valle, Colombia.
IV. Experimental study in guinea pigs of the pathogenic capacity of Entamoeba
histolytica from infected persons in ward Siloé, Cali. J Parasitol. 1959
Aug;45(4, Part 1):449-55. PMID: 13673351.

25: Kuźna-Grygiel W. Cytochemiczne badania aktywności enzymów w trofozoitach
Entamoeba histolytica pochodzacych z jelita ślepego świnek morskich z inwazyjna
i nieinwazyjna ameboza [Cytochemical study on the activity of enzymes in
trophozoites of Entamoeba histolytica from the cecum of guinea pigs with
invasive and non-invasive amebiasis]. Wiad Parazytol. 1996;42(4):407-14. Polish.
PMID: 9103051.

26: TAYLOR DJ, REES CW, REARDON LV, WRIGHT WH. [Studies of the virulence of
monobacterial cultures of one strain of Entamoeba histolytica in the gulnea
pig]. J Parasitol. 1959 Jun;45(3):269-73. Undetermined Language. PMID: 13665464.

27: He GZ. WITHDRAWN: Use of a recombinant Entamoeba histolytica cysteine
proteinase antigen to evaluation of the efficacy of immune protective responses
in miniature pigs. Exp Parasitol. 2012 Apr 11. doi:
10.1016/j.exppara.2012.04.001. Epub ahead of print. PMID: 22522180.

28: Kuźna-Grygiel W. Histologiczne i histochemiczne badania jelita grubego i
cienkiego świnek morskich zarazonych Entamoeba histolytica [Histological and
histochemical investigations of large and small intestine in guinea pigs
infected by entamoeba histolytica]. Wiad Parazytol. 1995;41(2):155-62. Polish.
PMID: 7571633.

29: Mora-Galindo J. Localización intracelular de vacuolas con actividad de
fosfatasa ácida en trofozoitos de Entamoeba histolytica adheridos a epitelio
cecal de cobayo [Intracellular location of vacuoles with acid phosphatase
activity in trophozoites of Entamoeba histolytica adhered to guinea pig cecal
epithelium]. Arch Invest Med (Mex). 1988 Apr-Jun;19(2):119-26. Spanish. PMID:
2906533.

30: DAS SR, SINGH BN. VIRULENCE OF STRAINS OF ENTAMOEBA HISTOLYTICA TO RATS &
GUINEA-PIGS, & EFFECT OF CHOLESTEROL ON VIRULENCE. Indian J Exp Biol. 1965
Apr;3:106-9. PMID: 14338050.

31: Diamond LS, Tanimoto Weki M, Martínez-Palomo A. Production of cecal lesions
in newborn guinea pigs with axenically cultivated Entamoeba histolytica. Arch
Invest Med (Mex). 1978;9 Suppl 1:223-8. PMID: 211954.

32: Goldman M, Cannon LT. Antigenic analysis of entamoeba histolytica by means
of fluorescent antibody. V. Comparison of 15 strains of entamoeba with
information on their pathogenicity to guinea pigs. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 1967
May;16(3):245-54. doi: 10.4269/ajtmh.1967.16.245. PMID: 4164664.