1: Stone WM, Simpson CF. Larval distribution and histopathology of experimental
Strongyloides ransomi infection in young swine. Can J Comp Med Vet Sci. 1967
Aug;31(8):197-202. PMID: 4227912; PMCID: PMC1494716.

2: Stewart TB. Percutaneous and subcutaneous infection of pigs with
Strongyloides ransomi. J Parasitol. 1976 Aug;62(4):650-1. PMID: 957046.

3: Hale OM, Marti OG. Influence of an experimental infection of Strongyloides
ransomi on performance of pigs. J Anim Sci. 1984 May;58(5):1231-5. doi:
10.2527/jas1984.5851231x. PMID: 6735945.

4: Drag MD, Green SE, Howser RA, Wallace DH, Cox JL, Barrick RA. Efficacy of an
in-feed formulation of ivermectin against somatic larvae of Strongyloides
ransomi in pregnant swine. Am J Vet Res. 1998 Mar;59(3):277-9. PMID: 9522944.

5: Leland SE Jr, Neal FC, Plummer CB Jr. Treatment of Strongyloides ransomi
infection of pigs with thiabendazole and dichlorvos. Am J Vet Res. 1968
Jun;29(6):1235-40. PMID: 5656788.

6: Egerton JR, DiNetta J, Neu DC, Walthier RJ, Campbell WC. The efficacy of
cambendazole against Ascaris suum and Strongyloides ransomi in swine. Res Vet
Sci. 1970 Nov;11(6):590-2. PMID: 5498577.

7: Johnson JC Jr, Stewart TB, Hale OM. Differential responses of Duroc,
Hampshire, and crossbred pigs to a superimposed experimental infection with the
intestinal threadworm, Strongyloides ransomi. J Parasitol. 1975
Jun;61(3):517-24. PMID: 1138042.

8: Stewart TB, Stone WM, Marti OG. Strongyloides ransomi: prenatal and
transmammary infection of pigs of sequential litters from dams experimentally
exposed as weanlings. Am J Vet Res. 1976 May;37(5):541-4. PMID: 1275338.

9: Leland SE Jr. Effect of hygromycin B on migrating and adult Strongyloides
ransomi in weanling pigs. J Am Vet Med Assoc. 1972 Jan 1;160(1):58-60. PMID:
5008096.

10: Ames ER, Wescott RB, Chang J. Strongyloides ransomi infection in baby pigs
in Missouri. J Am Vet Med Assoc. 1973 Jul 15;163(2):161-2. PMID: 4717121.

11: Stewart TB, Johnson JC Jr, Hale OM. Effects of pyrantel HCl and dietary
protein on growing pigs infected in different sequences with Strongyloides
ransomi, Ascarid suum and Oesophagostomum spp. J Anim Sci. 1972 Sep;35(3):561-8.
doi: 10.2527/jas1972.353561x. PMID: 5056196.

12: Leland SE Jr, Combs GE, Wallace LJ. Anthelmintic activity of thiabendazole
and trichlorphon against migrating and adult Strongyloides ransomi in suckling
and weanling pigs. Am J Vet Res. 1968 Apr;29(4):707-806. PMID: 5689270.

13: Murrell KD, Urban JF Jr. Induction of immunity by transcolostrally-passed
Strongyloides ransomi larvae in neonatal pigs. J Parasitol. 1983 Feb;69(1):74-7.
PMID: 6827448.

14: Murrell KD. Induction of protective immunity to Strongyloides ransomi in
pigs. Am J Vet Res. 1981 Nov;42(11):1915-9. PMID: 6895980.

15: Moncol DJ, Batte EG. Transcolostral infection of newborn pigs with
Strongyloides ransomi. Vet Med Small Anim Clin. 1966 Jun;61(6):583-6. PMID:
5177193.

16: Prasitiratana P, Chompoochan T, Ura S, Taira N. Fecal egg counts in swine
experimentally infected with Strongyloides ransomi. J Vet Med Sci. 1992
Aug;54(4):791-2. doi: 10.1292/jvms.54.791. PMID: 1391195.

17: Stewart TB, Schroeder WF, Shalkop WT, Stone WM. Strongyloidosis: natural
infection of suckling pigs with Strongyloides ransomi. Vet Med Small Anim Clin.
1968 Dec;63(12):1145-50. PMID: 5188507.

18: Dey-Hazra A, Giese W, Enigk K. Der gastrointestinale Plasma- und
Plasmaproteinverlust beim Strongyloides-ransomi-Befall des Schweines vor und
nach Behandlung mit Thiabendazol [Gastrointestinal plasma and plasma protein
loss in pigs infected with Strongyloides ransomi before and following treatment
with thiabendazole]. Dtsch Tierarztl Wochenschr. 1972 Sep 1;79(17):421-4.
German. PMID: 4562830.

19: Leland SE Jr, Neal FC. Field evaluation of injectable trichlorphon in the
treatment of patent Strongyloides ransomi infection of young pigs. Am J Vet Res.
1966 Jan;27(116):280-5. PMID: 5950160.

20: Stewart TB, Stone WM, Marti OG, McCormick WC. Strongyloides ransomi:
detecting drug action on larvae in porcine tissue. Am J Vet Res. 1973
Feb;34(2):191-3. PMID: 4685543.

21: Leland SE Jr, Combs GE. Tests of anthelmintic activity (utilizing
experimental challenge) against the migratory stages of Strongyloides ransomi in
pigs. Am J Vet Res. 1965 Jul;26(113):932-8. PMID: 5857179.

22: Stewart TB, Hale OM, Johnson JC Jr. Failure of parasitized gilt and barrow
pigs on different planes of nutrition to respond alike to a superimposed
infection with Strongyloides ransomi. J Parasitol. 1969 Oct;55(5):1055-62. PMID:
5391308.